#summary How to contribute to Sputnik

Here you will find information that you'll need to be able to contribute to Sputnik.  Be sure to read the whole thing before sending us a contribution, including the small print at the end.

== Submitting code ==

All submissions, including submissions by project members, require review.  We use the same code-review tools and process as the v8 project.  In order to submit a patch, you need to get the [http://dev.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/depottools depot_tools] and follow these instructions on [http://dev.chromium.org/developers/contributing-code requesting a review] (using your sputnik workspace instead of a chromium workspace).

== The small print ==

Before we can use your code you have to sign the [http://code.google.com/legal/individual-cla-v1.0.html Google Individual Contributor License Agreement], which you can do online.  This is mainly because you own the copyright to your changes, even after your contribution becomes part of our codebase, so we need your permission to use and distribute your code.  We also need to be sure of various other things, for instance that you'll tell us if you know that your code infringes on other people's patents.  You don't have to do this until after you've submitted your code for review and a member has approved it, but you will have to do it before we can put your code into our codebase.

Contributions made by corporations are covered by a different agreement than the one above, the [http://code.google.com/legal/corporate-cla-v1.0.html Software Grant and Corporate Contributor License Agreement].